# jekyll-shell-theme

## Introduction

This is a fork of [jekyll-shell-theme by tareqdandachi](https://github.com/itstorque/jekyll-shell-theme),
with some minor changes and removals for use on my website. For an average site,
you should probably just use the original. This is a stripped down, more
utilitarian version with only support for what a minimalist site might need.

## Using

This fork of [jekyll-shell-theme](https://github.com/itstorque/jekyll-shell-theme)
is meant for use in GitHub pages sites. To use it in your GitHub pages site, add
the following to your site's `_config.yml`:

```
remote_theme: tirimid/jekyll-shell-theme

header_pages:
  - index.md

highlighter: rouge

# write your footer license statement here.
# my personal website uses one generated by the CC license statement chooser.
license_statement: All page contents are licensed under ExampleLicense 1.2.3
```

After this, you will need to specify some information on every page's markdown.
The following should be added at the top of every `.md` file:

```
---
layout: default
title: Example Page Title
date_published: 2009-12-31
date_latest_revision: 2010-01-23
author: Author Name
---
```

The actual details (except for `layout`) will need to be modified to not be this
stupid. Whenever you revise the page, remember to change the
`date_latest_revision` parameter. You can't really forget to do this, since it's
literally one of the first things you see when you open the file.

Once you have written the `_config.yml` and set the necessary parameters for all
pages, simply run the pages build and deployment action on your GitHub repo.

## Fork changes

* Added license statement in footer
* Removed GitHub and Twitter profile links in footer
* Removed page name in footer
* Reversed page title format
* Removed ability of pages to load custom Javascript code
* Removed all layouts except for `default`
* Removed rounded corners around code blocks
* Reduced line height
* Added publishing information on pages
* Added large title on pages
* Changed header page title to site title
* Made blockquotes boxed instead of indented
